here is a reptile that you can't not have
never seen also because perhaps the snake
more common in our parts
I'm talking about the white year of its
viridiflavus a reptile belonging to
as well as the order of the scaled al
suborder of profits to the family of
colubridi let's look at his
distribution
the record is found throughout Italy
including Sicily and Sardinia
outside of Italy it is also found
in corsica and most of france
continental as well as in small parts of
slovenia building and finally also mortar
how to describe the whitewash is
really a beautiful snake with shapes
slender and slender and from the tail that goes
gradually thinning giving this
especially an even more refined aspect
head and oval eyes are elongated
the rotunda la is large and provided with puppets
length is noticeable and not infrequently the
Biacco exceeds the meter and a half
sometimes reaching a height of 170 cm
the males however are on average a little
larger and heavier than females
the livery is very variable but often
this snake has a color of
whitish greenish yellow background
practically covered by one
black or dark green pigmentation that
shaped by nature or intertwining of march
the aforementioned pigmentation has the best
on the light background color so that the
snake is basically dark
the parts with thin clear stripes
lower are generally lighter
as I said however the library is
very variable and also exist
particularly dark specimens and here
I open a small systematic speech
next to the nominal subspecies year
of his of Slavic flavus spiri is
the subspecies was also recognized
year of its viridiflavus carbonari hus
initially it was believed that specimens
almost all blacks called melanomas c
completely black called melani ci
belonged exclusively to the
carbonari subspecies hus recent studies
genetic and geographic have instead put
in light like the aforementioned dark specimens
can appear independently in
both subspecies nonetheless i
two phenotypes, the classical and the one
dark are called respectively
phenotype viridiflavus and phenotype
carbonari hus I take advantage also for
clear up a little thing despite the
profane tend to call with
the appellative of snakes on snakes
not poisonous and therefore also white from a
geologically and absolutely
wrong the snakes properly so called
they are the snakes belonging to the
matricide family is represented
in particular from the matrix genus yes
it is particularly snakes
linked to wetlands and water the
white and all other representatives
of the family of colubrids damage
instead called colubri but we return to the
White
it is a very snake
adaptable that populates a large number
of environments preferring those rich in
vegetation like cultivated fields woods
and circuits goes up to 2,000
meters of altitude and prefers in
particular habitat characterized by
dry stone walls and ruins and quick agile
and snappy and able to crawl
very quickly as of
climb small walls and trees
buildings
if necessary he is also a good swimmer
and active mainly during the day and
being a reptile therefore hetero thermo
Spends a lot of time warming up in the sun
mainly on rocks and stones
micromammals which he often studies
hunting dens and tunnels also at
phoebe I like big insects and others
reptiles like lizards green lizards
and even other snakes sometimes too
living the rat snake has a proud character
aggressive if annoyed try to
run away but sirica is prevented
easily echo repeatedly
even if he has a nice bully
it is not a question of a
poisonous snake his bites can
just be a little painful and at the limit
slightly irritating because of her
saliva while in winter the white passes
a very short period of activity
a kind of hibernation underground or
however the places sheltered in spring
males fight proudly for
grab the right to mate
with females
you often see them while you are
twist on each other in
attempt to overwhelm each other in
full summer the female lays from 5
at 15 o'clock elongated and long white
about 3 centimeters in a sheltered place
the little ones in the field present the
typical scrub livery of the adult also
on the body they show more color
they are already brownish or grayish
able to look after themselves kick
small insect lizards if everything goes
well a rat snake in the wild can live a
fifteen years
I personally love this snake
quick and lively with a lively character
if you are lucky enough to see one of me
I recommend you respect it and observe it
as I said and repeated it is harmless e
deserves all the attention possible